README.md, before:

# ![logo](logo.png "logo") 
# SableyeBot
### Competitive Pokemon Discord bot

## [Add SableyeBot to your server](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=211522070620667905&scope=bot)

## Issues
If you encounter any bugs or need help, create an issue on the issue tracker. Please include:

 * A description of the bug
 * Steps to reproduce this bug
 * Expected versus actual behavior
 * Screenshots and/or gifs, if necessary
 * Bot version and/or date observed
 * Any other additional information
 
## Contributing
Want to help out? Fork this repository, make your changes, and send a pull request.
Please try using a code style consistent with the rest of the project. This includes, but is not limited to:

 * For indentation, using tabs with a size of `4`
 * Always using brackets for `if` statements, and the opening bracket on the same line of the `if` statement
 * End lines with a semicolon
 * Using template literals with strings with variables
 
Do not worry too much over styling--I will look over your code and may change some lines anyways.

## Credits
 * [unlucky4ever's RuneCord bot](https://github.com/unlucky4ever/RuneCord), which SableyeBot is heavily based off of.
 * [Zarel's PokemonShowdown](https://github.com/Zarel/Pokemon-Showdown), whose databases SableyeBot parses.

Commit message:

Redirect to new repo at SableyeBot3

README.md, after:

# This is the old repo! New repo here: https://github.com/JsKingBoo/SableyeBot3
#
# ![logo](logo.png "logo") 
# SableyeBot
### Competitive Pokemon Discord bot

## [Add SableyeBot to your server](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=211522070620667905&scope=bot)

## Issues
If you encounter any bugs or need help, create an issue on the issue tracker. Please include:

 * A description of the bug
 * Steps to reproduce this bug
 * Expected versus actual behavior
 * Screenshots and/or gifs, if necessary
 * Bot version and/or date observed
 * Any other additional information
 
## Contributing
Want to help out? Fork this repository, make your changes, and send a pull request.
Do not worry too much over styling--I will look over your code and may change some lines anyways.

## Credits
 * [unlucky4ever's RuneCord bot](https://github.com/unlucky4ever/RuneCord), which SableyeBot is heavily based off of.
 * [Zarel's PokemonShowdown](https://github.com/Zarel/Pokemon-Showdown), whose databases SableyeBot parses.
